so today we're going to be doing a quick
unboxing of the cyborg rat 5 so the rat
5 is the middle range Mouse in the rat
series of mice it is between the 3 and
the 7 it has quite a few features that
are improved over the rats 3 and I'd say
it's probably the best value in this
series of mice which are for hardcore
gaming let's just get that out of the
way there you go
Gaming Mouse for PC so the rat 5 it has
a 4000 dpi sensor which is about in the
middle of the rat 3 and the rat 7 now
bear in mind there's a rat 9 but it's
basically a rat 7 with Wireless okay it
has a few other things too it has a
precision aim mode so that's a button
that is for sniping okay it has a weight
system which is better than the rat 3
which does not have a weight system and
it also has is adjustable so it has an
adjustable length
unlike the rat 3 so let's have a look at
what it has to say for itself on the
back it has more programmable buttons
than the rat 3 as well with 15 user
definable commands if I have 5 buttons
in a three position load switch okay we
have a precision a mode with on-the-fly
sensitivity adjustment to study your aim
at the touch of a button like I said for
sniping and it has an aluminum chassis
the rat 3 is also plastic so the
aluminum chassis is well I guess it adds
some durability as well as some rigidity
to the mouse you can remap the
programmable buttons and create custom
macros with their powerful software and
inside we find it also has a weight
system so it has 30 grams of removable
weights
unlike the rat 3 which doesn't not have
removable weighs custom links adjustment
we covered that already and the four
user definable dpi settings so you can
adjust those dpi settings I believe in
increments of 400 although I could be
mistaken about that one please do
correct me if I'm wrong Oh in 125 dpi
steps yet another improvement over the
rat 3 which is only adjustable in 400
dpi steps okay we've got better
acceleration we have better tracking
speed and the polling rate is the same
looks like we've got three different LED
colors for each mode that you are in so
that depends on
what your programmable buttons will do
and let's go ahead and get this open the
packaging on the rat series is a bit of
a challenge but I think I've got it
figured out at this point this is my
third rat unboxing oh should I just rip
them to deny so much for having it
figured out okay so that comes out of
there this one comes out of here then we
are and this one will then finally and I
dropped my camera sorry I probably gives
you guys a headache when it swings
around like that I'm using the born
series of movies approach to filming my
unboxings from now on this extensive use
of shakey cam to make it seem more
exciting okay forget it we're just going
to do this
okay inside here we find a little cyborg
gaming thing which is gonna have a
driver CD a little product guide to
cyborgs a gaming line of products okay
we also have a little yeah here we go
here's my product guide oh no this is
just for this mouse okay so this shows
you a bunch of really cool stuff then so
[Music]
what if I can figure out how to make
this right side up then will be in
really good shape seems to be numbered
well I can't okay here we go
so one insert the CCD to plug in the USB
connector three installed the cyborg
technology software setting their
precision aim button for four so what
your sensitivity will be when you turn
on precision aim alright step 5 is
changing your adjustable dpi step six is
the mode button set up to three
different sets of button assignments and
sensitivity levels by s T software so
depending which games you like what
sensitivity and whatever else you want
to adjust here we've got the adjustable
length including
instructions for how to do that which
will come in handy in a moment here we
have our weight storage system which is
from the oh yeah ok from the bottom in
the back so we'll figure that out - and
then for dpi settings which are just
pull with this button so let's go ahead
and get them
oh wait hold on there's one of this
thing here what's this oh yeah okay
here's the little guide to the rest of
the rats and the rest of the cyber
gaming series of products all right here
is our adjustable weight guy that has 50
grams removable weights inside here is
our rat five with a couple of twists
tides holding it into place in the
packaging here so I'll just go ahead and
pull those out challenging so there it
is there's the aluminum chassis that I
remember from the rat 7 and I did notice
was missing on the rat 3 okay so here
first things first why don't we have a
look at the adjustable weights believe
that's this one there we are
so we can put on as many weights as we
want okay and then we can close it up
again just like that so that's pretty
straightforward it's something you won't
use often because once you've got it
tuned the way you like it you probably
won't want to change it very often but
it's really nice to have that feature
because I personally do change the
weight settings on any mice where I have
that option I like a heavy Mouse and
most mice these days seem to be tuned
for pretty light weight build so it's
it's nice to have a little bit of extra
heft to it although the rat 5 is not a
light Mouse because of the aluminum
chassis it has on it it does have a
little bit more weight than an all
plastic Mouse normally would so let's
have a look at the buttons we have
included there's your precision aim
button so that's going to change your
DPI on the fly there's your indicator
LEDs for the DPI I believe hope it's not
there is your dpi change button here is
your mode change button you've got your
left click your right click as well as
your middle click mouse wheel ok and
then this one right here let's figure
out what that does why don't we I think
that's to do with this but give me a
second
so the adjustable length
gently squeeze the retaining clip then
slide the mouth shell backward or for no
no there it is so that's all you got to
do you just got to squeeze this little
cliff and slide it back and forward just
like that okay so what you know I think
I remember figuring this out on the rat
7 video why don't we figure out what
that does and then I'll come back in
just a moment well that was a lot
simpler than I thought it's just a
programmable scroll button for your
thumb so you can actually access these
buttons here the aim button and you can
also scroll it left or right and you can
completely program what that guy does so
I mean I guess if I was using this mouse
one of the things I'd consider
programming it for is just fire because
it'd be a really quick way to fire off
like a boat with you for about 6 or 7
rounds in a burst just like that so
that's kind of a neat functionality so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of the rat 5 don't forget to subscribe
to Linus check tips for more unboxings
reviews and other videos about computer
stuff type stuff gaming stuff all that
good stuff